---
layout: cpd
title: "SPGN Forum 2012 – Future Dublin: A Vision for a Healthy and Mobile City"
published: false

tags: [planning, urban design, cpd]
tagline: "SPGN's first session of the 2013 CPD Seminar Series on the governments Putting People First action programme."

photo: "http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8320/8059775547_d25b55748a_c.jpg"
thumb: "http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8320/8059775547_d25b55748a_c.jpg"

name: "David O'Connor"
bio: "is Chairperson of the Spatial Planning Graduate Network and lectures in Transport and Urban Design at DIT Environment and Planning"
bio-img: "http://m.c.lnkd.licdn.com/media/p/4/000/14c/07e/13b657c.jpg"

long: "-6.269018770097034"
lat: "53.35137589910948"
venue_name: "Room 281 (“Large Kinema”), DIT Bolton Street, Dublin 1"

snippet: "The action programme, Putting People First, launched in October 2012, outlines government policy for reform and development across the local government system. "
---

## {{page.title}}

Dublin is ranked as the 26th best city in the world for quality of life according to one survey. However, the top ten ranked cities are all mid-sized cities like Dublin. To make it into the top of the list, Dublin has to become a city that is healthy to live in and easy to get around … for everyone. That means developing a transport network that is affordable, easy to use and helps people go wherever they need to go. It also means neighbourhoods that are safe and attractive for cyclists, pedestrians and local communities. Recent capital expenditure cut-backs are forcing a rethink of our approach to transport and infrastructural solutions. But lessons from other places suggest that the best cities are not necessarily ones that spend the most money, but make the smartest choices. Future Dublin is about imagining what kind of transport network that might be and what those streets and spaces might look and feel like. It is a vision for a healthy and mobile city.

On the afternoon of Friday, 2nd March 2012 at The Mansion House, Dublin, the Spatial Planning Graduate Network will hold its third Planners Forum, a panel discussion on the subject of ‘Future Dublin: A Vision for a Healthy and Mobile City’. Confirmed speakers include Lord Mayor of Dublin, Andrew Montague, Brendan Finn (ETTS) and John O’Hara (Dublin City Council Deputy City Planner). The programme for the event is available for download here. Places are limited and will be awarded on a strictly first-come, first-served basis. Please RSVP with your name and the names of the guests you wish to bring to events@spatialplanning.ie by Tuesday, 28th February 2012.